The Joe Rogan experience.
We remember when Dennis Miller would say a bunch of crazy that like
no one could know <laugh> people would laugh.
It would be like the most obscure references about like the 14 hundreds tone.
He had a tone, though. It was a funny reference.
If you had to know what he was saying, or you were a loser. Yeah.
Talk about AFE.
Babe. You're like, that sounds pretty.
Good. I was on a plane with nor McDonald once just randomly.
And he sat next to me. He goes, you know, he, uh,
he doesn't even know any of that stuff. <laugh> he's like, yeah,
he just finds out and writes it down. And he just says it. It's not like he.
Knows it. Norm on the, on the Dennis Miller wall show is unreal. Yeah. He.
Great clips came on, Dennis Miller, my hero.
ISN,
the most norm thing ever to not tell everybody that you were dying of cancer.
G what? A G.
A a total norm move too, right? Yeah. What.
Does he got sympathy from everybody?
Off. He got canceled. He could put that card on the table. Cancer. And he.
And he didn't even tell his best friends. He said he was going to him.
Take care of his mom. Didn't tell.
Me either. He told Adam me, he's got a big race coming for him.
Didn didn't tell Adam how dare tell Adam.
That's that's the last joke. <laugh>
He's genius comic though. Genius. He was so, uh, unique comic in his,
the way he expressed himself, how he was really thinking like the way he would,
like, he would say something up to you in the green room.
He would say the exact same thing on stage. It was just like,
and he would say he had this way of looking at things that was absolutely
unique to him. Yeah. He.
Bombed a good bit too. He did. He leap into.
It. Took chances must have so fun to watch.
Caroline's wants and throwing down one. Like, God, it was like, he didn't care.
I saw lunch.
Too. Didn't care. He got heckled.
He was drinking a Coca-Cola and he got heckled. And he was like, ah,
I don't want to do this. <laugh> I was gonna go back to my act and that was.
It completely.
Randomly, like, don't feel like it right now. I could don't.
Want to completely randomly two times in my life. I sat next to him on a plane.
Just totally random.
Weird V Cooper.
Random airport. Yep. Once in Vancouver and once somewhere else.
And the last one he was talking like, yeah, quit smoking.
And he was telling me how he quit smoking. Yeah. It was hard.
It was really hard to quit. And I did it and you know, smoke.
It's terrible for you. So we land,
he walks as fast as he can off the plate right into one of those stores and
buys a pack of cigarettes <laugh> and he's open.
And he's got one in his mouth as he, the door, he went off.
For an hour about how it's terrible for you. He's so glad he is out over it.
So I'm outside with him. I go, what are you doing? I thought you quit smoke.
Yeah. But all that talking about, and I wanted a cigarette.
So was he being funny or was he just.
A weird no, no, no. He was just a genius. Right?
Not drive. Just invited people to go do tennis and stuff.
Like pick me up on the way <laugh> his.
Brain was just wired different. Yeah. It was just wired different all the time,
but like, he just decided, well, let's smoke and just, I mean,
he couldn't light it quick enough on the way out the door.
Watch the entire episode for free, only on Spotify.